[Music]
Dear fellow practitioners, the
Buddha taught that there are four initial signs
that indicate we will
acquire wealth. The first is that
our hearts are free from lust for women, meaning
we do not desire
illicit relationships and are not
infatuated with women, not
controlled by them. This is a sign that our hearts
can generate
wealth and prevent its loss.
The second is that we do not harbor
desires for excessive drinking.
For example, Buddhists may
drink alcohol, but not to the point of intoxication. Intoxication
is a sign
of losing wealth. If we
do not want to get drunk, but remain
sober,
drinking only for pleasure and according to
custom, then
this is a sign that we will acquire
wealth and our finances will improve. The
third is that we do not indulge in gambling or
betting. During Tet (Vietnamese New Year), there are
things like cockfighting and all sorts of
gambling activities.  If we take that money, then all
those things shouldn't happen.
Those omens are signs that we will lose
assets, and if we don't like that, then
those omens will lead to
economic prosperity, business success,
many good opportunities, and
another omen in our hearts is that we
don't like associating with
evil people, bad friends, that's
also an opportunity for us to
prosper, to have the opportunity to acquire
assets and wealth.
Oh
[music]